.\" Manpage for lainsafecli.
.TH lainsafecli 1
.SH NAME
lainsafecli \- Command line interface for lainsafe
.SH SYNOPSIS
lainsafecli
.I
[--server=server]
file

.SH DESCRIPTION

.I lainsafecli
uploads a file to a given lainsafe server. This server may
be specified with the
.I --server
flag. If
.I --server
is not given. The content of the variable
.I $DEFAULT_SERVER
will be used instead. This variable is in the script. In the official
packages. this is https://lainsafe.delegao.moe

.SH OPTIONS

.I --server
Sets the server to use. If it is not given $DEFAULT_SERVER will be used instead.

.I --help
Displays a simple help message and exits. This also specify which
server will be used if no
.I --server
is given.

.I --tor
Uses tor to upload the file. This requires
.I LWP::Protocol::socks
to be installed on your system. You also need to have tor running at
127.0.0.1:9050
If LWP::Protocol::socks is not installed, --tor is ignored, so don't 
try it

.I --i2p
Routes the traffic through I2P. This uses the HTTP proxy (which is
normally in port 4444). So
.I LWP::Protocol::socks
is not necessary.

.I --get-response
If the server returned an error, --get-response will make lainsafecli
print the content, so it can help you find out why
lainsafecli isn't working!

.SH CONFIGURATION

there are configuration values in
.I lainsafecli
line 34.

.I $DISPLAY_ASCII
If true (Any number but 0), It will display an ASCII art if no error
returned.

.I $STORE_LINKS
If true, lainsafecli will store the links on a file, specified by
.I $LINKS_FILE

.SH TROUBLESHOOTING

.SS "whatever" is not running lainsafe. But works in the browser.

This only happens with https lainsafe instances. To solve that. Make
sure that the module
.I LWP::UserAgent::https
is installed. You can install it using
.I cpan(1)

.SS HTTP 413 is returned

The file you specified is too big for the instance. Try using another
instance. By default lainsafe supports up to 100MBs. But this can be configured in lainsafe
.B AND
the web server. If the file exceds whatever your
.B server
allows. lainsafe can set another limit. If the lainsafe limit is less
than the server limit. lainsafe will return its own error message.

.SH AUTHORS

qorg11 <qorg@vxempire.xyz>

.SH LICENSE

GPLv3 or later.
